Oquote - Frequently Asked Questions

Oquote - FAQ

This Frequently Asked Question will be continually updated to accommodate new information with respect to new updates and changes on the App and will be used inside the App to help users find answers to their questions.


What is Oquotes? 

Oquotes is a quotes app with card swiper view. You can see new cards (quotes ) by scrolling to the right or left. Quotes are well arranged and  organized on the cards. 


Where can I download Oquotes?

Oquotes is currently not in the market or any App Store, you can only get Oquotes installed on your device by using the React Native. 


Is there a guide to get it installed on device?

Yes, you can get it installed with the help of this guide link - https://facebook.github.io/react-native/ and you can as well get it installed with the aid of this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Pm5_Cf7pQI


Do I have to pay to access its feature? 

There is no payment to access Oquotes features, as it is open source and free. All features are completely unlocked for the best usage. 


What quotes can be found on Oquotes?

Oquotes contains quotes from legends, novelist, scientist and other famous, intelligent and extraordinary people.


What information does Oquotes gets from me? 

The details needed from you by Oquote are the sign up details such as Name, Email address, username, password and others. 


Are my informations safe on Oquotes? 

Your information are safe on our data, non of your private detail shall be shared or seen by a third party. 


Can my device get harmed installing this app? 

Your device are free from whatsoever harm that may be
 caused during installation. 


What other private information does Oquotes get from my device? 

Using Oquotes on your device gives permission to your location, unique device id and the device's IP

If you wish to ask other questions that are not listed above you can contact us through the various means below :

Discord : Pars11

Github : https://github.com/pars11/Oquotes

Email : sametay153@gmail.com
